hey look guys I ran every Center welcome
to teach you guys how to make one of my
favorite shakes which is the strawberry
banana shake and in order for us five
ingredients itself yes I do it first
you'll be needing one banana since my
parents make their own yogurt we have
just plain yogurt here or wine go to the
supermarket and just get any playing
knocking over there since strawberries
are hard to find and are quite expensive
I ended up getting stronger milk instead
and that is going to be the strawberry
part of our shape we are then going to
use some honey and lastly we have some
ice you will not be needing the ice if
your milk is cold and your banana is
frozen but either way ternity up to you
so this is a really a no-brainer because
it doesn't require to have any special
skills except for being able to open it
top of the blender and putting all the
ingredients inside no baby first banana
inside put your yogurt and blundered SML
gotta have a specific measurement but
I'm gonna fill it up to the
one and a half cup like it sure you're
gonna fake about a tablespoon of honey
always do now is as ice
I don't like putting too much nice
because it will then make the shape kind
of I see what we want is really smooth
and milky and thank you put the top of
the lender press
regards that let's try it out I have a
mason jar with me right now super kawaii
what I love about this is that the color
is perfect kind of sweetest thing ever
Winifred guys are there guys my
strawberry banana shake what I like
about the shake is that it's super
creamy and smooth and good taste in
strawberry and the banana to me it
actually tastes like I saw me but some
people they do you say it tastes like
strawberry milk which is a big deal
because they're never gonna know the
difference in taste just as good and is
something for you that's not like tell
myself just so I feel good about their
chicken so guys give me the shake and
you do like it please do share me on
instagram and twitter by just dragging
me i love to hear what you think about
it and enjoy the recipe don't forget to
give this video a thumbs up also to our
sea floor mr. free awesomeness and maybe
some more pic ideas you can subscribe to
my channel and I'll see you guys next
time
Oh